
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.065868                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1065867528500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1065867528500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 376977                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   550726                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              803615555                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 599928                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1326.34                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   500000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     730450450                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1065867528500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           63552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data        41010496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           41074048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        63552                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         63552                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     24702784                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        24702784                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst              993                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data           640789                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              641782                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        385981                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             385981                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst              59625                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data           38476166                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              38535791                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         59625                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            59625                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        23176223                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             23176223                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        23176223                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst             59625                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data          38476166                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             61712014                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      641782                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     385981                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    641782                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   385981                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               41027840                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   46208                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                24700736                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                41074048                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             24702784                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    722                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             42634                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             40773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             39531                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             38731                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             38017                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             38573                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             39731                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             39221                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             37369                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             36684                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            39866                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            41112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            42032                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            41694                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            42324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            42768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             25618                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             24395                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             23780                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             23152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             22605                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             22565                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             23150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             23414                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             23198                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             22931                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            24347                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            24784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            25021                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            25339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            25783                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            25867                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  1065834184500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                641782                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               385981                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  632369                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                    7884                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     497                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                     310                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  13016                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  13964                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  22448                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  22433                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  22434                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  22434                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  22434                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  22434                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  22435                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  22437                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  22440                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  22436                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  22434                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  22434                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  22439                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  22439                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  22436                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  22437                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       567351                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    115.851697                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    87.467067                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   145.008149                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127       411753     72.57%     72.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255       107802     19.00%     91.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        20682      3.65%     95.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6324      1.11%     96.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         9934      1.75%     98.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1036      0.18%     98.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895          849      0.15%     98.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          918      0.16%     98.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         8053      1.42%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       567351                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        22433                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      28.388713                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     23.978920                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    176.521058                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023        22419     99.94%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-2047            5      0.02%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-3071            4      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-5119            3      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-6143            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::23552-24575            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         22433                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        22433                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.204520                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.177325                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.959590                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             8465     37.73%     37.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17              953      4.25%     41.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18            12977     57.85%     99.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               38      0.17%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         22433                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  21245483000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             33265358000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 3205300000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     33141.18                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                51891.18                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        38.49                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        23.17                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     38.54                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     23.18                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.48                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.30                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.01                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   298298                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  161360                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 46.53                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                41.81                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                    1037042.77                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    44.76                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               1993537980                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy               1059590565                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy              2264886540                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              984904380                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         38530552320.000008                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy          20647072950                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy           1589799360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy    115902722700                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy     47848957920                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     157606644120                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           388440696645                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            364.436185                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         1016403790500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2513885500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   16353768000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 637642637250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 124605688750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   30578860500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 254172688500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               2057348160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy               1093506480                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy              2312281860                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             1029749400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         39136587360.000008                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy          20865213660                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy           1646222880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy    116962463850                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy     48548959200                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy     156683052765                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           390349634205                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            366.227155                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         1015753093500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2635217000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   16612408000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 632865494750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 126428339500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   30829679000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 256496390250                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1065867528500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                37843296                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted          37843296                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect           2243187                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups             33071035                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                33057642                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct             99.959502                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBMissPct             0.040498                       # BTB Miss Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                  726483                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect               2631                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectLookups               0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectHits                  0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectMisses                0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1065867528500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1065867528500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1065867528500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   86                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    1065867528500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                       2131735057                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   500000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     730450450                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             729688909                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    663                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     1453961                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     31770496                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    729688909                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           663                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          1698743415                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          621892952                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 1009                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 429                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads            180840559                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           276245123                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     295985462                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   225946751                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   70038711                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 2131735057                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          37843296                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.predictedBranches                 33784125                       # Number of branches predicted as taken
system.cpu.BranchMispred                      2243187                       # Number of branch mispredictions
system.cpu.BranchMispredPercent              5.927568                       # Number of branch mispredictions percent
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 94740      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 434349069     59.46%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    20662      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       119      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     398      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                225946751     30.93%     90.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                70038711      9.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  730450450                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1065867528500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           2042585                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          2041.841264                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           293940837                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           2044633                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            143.762150                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        3758973500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  2041.841264                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.996993                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996993                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1422                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          608                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         594015573                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        594015573                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1065867528500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    224491104                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       224491104                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     69449733                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       69449733                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     293940837                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        293940837                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    293940837                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       293940837                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      1439270                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       1439270                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       588979                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       588979                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu.data        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      2028249                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        2028249                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      2044633                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       2044633                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  47850809500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  47850809500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  36420965500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  36420965500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  84271775000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  84271775000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  84271775000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  84271775000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    225930374                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    225930374                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     70038712                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     70038712                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu.data        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    295969086                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    295969086                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    295985470                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    295985470                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.006370                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.006370                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.008409                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.008409                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.006853                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006853                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.006908                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006908                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 33246.582990                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33246.582990                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 61837.460249                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61837.460249                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 41549.028250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 41549.028250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 41216.088657                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 41216.088657                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       304473                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              5348                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    56.932124                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       958082                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            958082                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1439270                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1439270                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       588979                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       588979                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2028249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2028249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2044633                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2044633                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  46411539500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  46411539500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  35831986500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  35831986500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1412767992                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1412767992                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  82243526000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  82243526000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  83656293992                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  83656293992                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.006370                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006370                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.008409                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008409                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.006853                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006853                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.006908                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006908                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 32246.582990                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32246.582990                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 60837.460249                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60837.460249                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 86228.515137                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86228.515137                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 40549.028250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40549.028250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 40915.065927                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40915.065927                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1065867528500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1065867528500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1065867528500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements                45                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           663.265536                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           687396868                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               994                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          691546.144869                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   663.265536                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.323860                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.323860                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          949                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          917                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.463379                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses        1374796718                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses       1374796718                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1065867528500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    687396868                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       687396868                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     687396868                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        687396868                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    687396868                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       687396868                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          994                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           994                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          994                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            994                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          994                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           994                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     97309500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     97309500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     97309500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     97309500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     97309500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     97309500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    687397862                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    687397862                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    687397862                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    687397862                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    687397862                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    687397862                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 97896.881288                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 97896.881288                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 97896.881288                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 97896.881288                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 97896.881288                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 97896.881288                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks           45                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total                45                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          994                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          994                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          994                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          994                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          994                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          994                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     96315500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     96315500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     96315500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     96315500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     96315500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     96315500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 96896.881288                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96896.881288                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 96896.881288                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96896.881288                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 96896.881288                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96896.881288                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1065867528500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1065867528500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1065867528500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    626135                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 16328.622094                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     3444201                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    642519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      5.360466                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                4228095000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       20.961049                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst         34.519744                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      16273.141300                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.001279                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.002107                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.993234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.996620                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          224                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        16135                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  16995543                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 16995543                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1065867528500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       958082                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           958082                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks           45                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total               45                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data             268934                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                268934                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                  1                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data        1134910                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           1134910                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                     1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data               1403844                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  1403845                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst                    1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data              1403844                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 1403845                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data           320045                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              320045                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst           993                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              993                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data       320744                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          320744                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                 993                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data              640789                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 641782                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                993                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data             640789                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                641782                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  32124710000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   32124710000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     94812500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     94812500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  33724230500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  33724230500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst      94812500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data   65848940500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      65943753000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     94812500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  65848940500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     65943753000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       958082                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       958082                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks           45                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total           45                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data         588979                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            588979                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst          994                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            994                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data      1455654                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       1455654                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst               994                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data           2044633                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              2045627                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst              994                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data          2044633                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             2045627                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.543389                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.543389                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.998994                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.998994                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.220344                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.220344                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.998994                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.313400                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.313734                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.998994                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.313400                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.313734                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 100375.603431                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 100375.603431                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 95480.866062                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95480.866062                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 105143.761068                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105143.761068                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 95480.866062                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 102762.282904                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 102751.016700                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 95480.866062                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 102762.282904                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 102751.016700                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               385981                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    385981                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks         1536                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total          1536                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       320045                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         320045                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          993                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          993                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       320744                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       320744                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            993                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data         640789                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            641782                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           993                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data        640789                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           641782                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  28924260000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  28924260000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     84882500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     84882500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  30516790500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  30516790500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     84882500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  59441050500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  59525933000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     84882500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  59441050500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  59525933000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.543389                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.543389                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.998994                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998994                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.220344                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.220344                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.998994                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.313400                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.313734                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.998994                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.313400                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.313734                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 90375.603431                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90375.603431                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 85480.866062                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85480.866062                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 95143.761068                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95143.761068                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 85480.866062                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 92762.282904                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92751.016700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 85480.866062                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 92762.282904                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92751.016700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       1266423                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       624641                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1065867528500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             321737                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       385981                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           238660                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            320045                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           320045                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        321737                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1908205                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      1908205                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1908205                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     65776832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     65776832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                65776832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            641782                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  641782    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              641782                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          2818411500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         3473661500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      4088257                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      2042630                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           3030                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         3030                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1065867528500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           1456648                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1344063                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean           45                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         1324657                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           588979                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          588979                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           994                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1455654                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2033                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      6131851                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               6133884                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        66496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    192173760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              192240256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          626135                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                  24702784                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples          2671762                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001134                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.033663                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                2668731     99.89%     99.89% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   3031      0.11%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            2671762                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         3002255500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1491000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        3066949500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
